Wk5 & Wk 6 Reflection:

Artistic Explanation of the possiblities you can take your Software Project - Rating 2/5

I didn't really enjoy this session. I understood the pathway Roman was trying to lead us to eventually towards the end but I think during the middle I completely zoned out. It went on too many tangents and it didn't align with how I like to think about things.
This made it feel awkward and not enjoyable but funnily enough it gave me a deeper understanding to who Roman is as a teacher and thus what he's actually looking for us to produce in our software project. It was a counter intuitive approach in my eyes but surprisingly enough I ended up leaving with a better view of the whole picture through the confusion. Almost like I was super zoomed into one spot in a picture and once I zoomed out everything was clear.
Overall, I didn't enjoy the lesson but the fact that I got to understand it by the end made it not a 0 lesson. 

Stand Up Meeting - Rating 2.5/5

It wasn't a bad lesson but it was just too long. Everybody was taking ages to explain their projects. The idea in itself though I really liked and saw the merit of it. I think I'm going to start implementing it in my other avenues of life as well. 
I think the standup meeting helped reinforce what I wanted to do for my original software project. Whilst everybody was explaining their project, some of them seemed so grand and hard. It was admirable yet insane to me that they would embark on some of these ambitious programs but to all their own. They might be able to learn a lot and achieve what they want which would be great but it helped me reinforce my idea of going wide and not deep.
After todays lesson I have a greater sense of footing in what I'm doing and believe that my approach to doing many little things at once will help me tackle a broad range of skills, stretch my brains ability to adapt and help me learn more without being overwhelmed.

Tower Building Activity - Rating 2.5/5 

It was great to stretch my brain and do something a bit more creative in the physical tangible sense. 
It was also interesting to work with my peers for the first time. The first round was fine but the other rounds were a disaster. 
The team ended up collapsing on itself. One person stepped up to lead but they just got stressed out over every little thing. Other people just standing there not inputing ideas, doing much at all or even making it worse by opposing the leaders ideas and stressing her out LOL.
I was no better though. I just didn't want to work with people that didn't give any input so I stepped out. Maybe my morals are out of place and I'm too petty. 

Agile vs Waterfall Model Concept - Rating 5/5

Learning about this concept was one of the best things in this course. Although this was part of the tower building activity I didn't want to attach them in one rating because I didn't want my experience with the group to affect how I believe that this is one of the best concepts I've ever learned.
I've already started implementing this model in other avenues of my life and have seen such a dramatic change in work. I think the agile model is perfect for overcoming a perfectionist mentality and just allows you to actively think more.
You're objective isn't to make an amazing thing all at once but to make SOMETHING into an amazing thing through the process of collected refining. 
I absolutely loved this idea and give it a 5/5.  