15/08/22 - 
daysinmonths program - I really enjoyed this activity because although the base answer was simple it was really fun to improve it afterwards. 
My goal was to make the program give an option to ask the initial question again, incase you needed to know how many days for more than one month. e.g. I need to know how many days are in February AND March.
I did this by: 

1. Making the initial question a loop and rerunning it via an if statement.

def main():
    in1 = str(input("Input the name of Month:"))

    x = in1.upper()

    print (in1.capitalize())

2.  Small tweaks I also added was making the input into all lowercase so that way even if the person inputting the month made a capital letter error it wouldn't matter.

    if x in ("JANUARY", "MARCH", "MAY", "JUNE" , "AUGUST", "OCTOBER", "DECEMBER"):
        print ("No. of days: 31 days")
    
Full code can be found in selflearning projects folder.

18/08/22 - 
password generator program - This surprisingly gave me more of a headache than I initially thought it would. The main problem for me was that I didn't know how to make the code more efficient.
This was a problem because if the person wanted x amount of passwords I didn't know how to produce that without manually typing it in. e.g. If x == 1: amount = 1, elif x ==2: amount = 2, etc.
I overcame this issue through ignoring if statements and just making the input a variable and applying it in an "in range" statement.

 in2 =str(input("How many possible passwords would you like generated? "))
    amount= int(in2)

    print("These are your",amount,"generated passwords:")
    for x in range(amount):
        password = "".join(random.sample(all, length))  #sample means you cant resuse symbols
        print(password)

22/08/22 - 
pick a path game - Straight forward. I just purely enjoyed the act of making this game. It was simple and fun. It was a good example of how creativity goes hand in hand with code.

24/08/22 - 
quiz game - I think my initial iteration of it was fine and I already had a solve for making two players but I just didn't want to rewrite the code again. I wanted to make my code more efficient and thus had to learn about classes. I still haven't solved making this code more efficient yet but I'm not too stressed. 
My main problem was just information overload. When I was trying to figure it out and asked for help I got useful leads but I think it was a lot all at once and my brain got overloaded. I took Romans advice and just stepped away from the code and give myself time to breathe. I will arrive back to finish it soon but I'm in no rush until the software project is due.
